meet the animals episode two mountain
gorillas hello who are you I am a
mountain gorilla gorillas are the
biggest kind of apes where do you live
we live in the mountains of Africa our
home is the forest do you make sounds we
make many sounds we hoot and roar when
we're mad we growl softly when we're
happy what do you eat we mostly eat
plants and tree bark we really like
plant stems roots and leaves do you have
any enemies people are our main enemy
they steal our land and hunt us but some
people try to protect us do you live
alone
no we live in groups see the baby young
gorillas love to play who's in charge
the big silverback is our boss
he's the oldest male he tells us what to
do I hear the silverback calling me now
goodbye little fox
hello Wow
who are you I'm a Nile crocodile we're
the biggest reptiles on earth